OpenXR: Added a fallback modifier implementation (#1183)
godotengine/godot-demo-projects: xr/openxr_hand_tracking_demo/README.md

* positioning is always within the local space of the XROrigin3D node
* there are many use cases where the positioning may be ignored or modified

> > Note: The trackers used for the hand tracking API are `/user/hand_tracker/left` and `/user/hand_tracker/right`.
> 
> > Note: There are new project settings in Godot 4.4 that are not enabled by default and effect this demo.

Reviewer: Use GitHub admonition syntax (and rework the second note to be easier to understand):

```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> 
> The trackers used for the hand tracking API are `/user/hand_tracker/left`
> and `/user/hand_tracker/right`.

> [!NOTE]
>
> There are new project settings in Godot 4.4 that affect this demo,
> but they are not enabled by default .
```

Author: Done, let me know if it's more clear now.

Also didn't know about the `[!NOTE]` syntax, that's cool :)

> > Note: There are new project settings in Godot 4.4 that are not enabled by default and effect this demo.

Author: We can't, because they are not Godot 4.3 settings and this is still a Godot 4.3 project.
